Time: 20260902_16:00
EmilyBurnett: Hey everyone!  Got a fun question: Who do you think is the most hateable character in Game of Thrones? Vote away! 
Niamh: What a great topic! I always found Joffrey Baratheon super hateable. His cruelty was on another level!  What do you guys think?
Orion: Joffrey is definitely up there! But Id say Ramsay Bolton takes the cake for me. His sadistic nature just made my skin crawl every time he was on screen.  Who else agrees?
Merrick: Ramsay is a solid choice, but I can't stand Cersei Lannister either. Her manipulative ways and arrogance drove me crazy!  What about you, Lachlan?
Tamara: Cersei is annoying for sure, but I think the most hateable has to be Petyr Baelish. His scheming just made everything worse for everyone! Can't believe he thought he was so clever. What does everyone else think?
Orion: Totally agree with you, Tamara! Littlefinger's manipulation was just frustrating to watch. He caused so much chaos for everyone. It's wild how much hate he gets. Anyone else?
EmilyBurnett: I'm also with you on that, Orion! How about we narrow it down to the top three for voting? Joffrey, Ramsay, and Cersei?  What do you all think?
LiHua: Sounds good! I'm all in for Joffrey, Ramsay, and Cersei for the vote. Those three really brought out the worst in the show! 
Tamara: Let's do it! Just let me know when the voting starts! I'm curious to see who takes the crown for the most hateable character! 
Phaedra: Hey, who's gonna set up the vote? Im excited to see the results! 
Tamara: I can help with that! Just give me a sec to gather everyone's votes! 
Niamh: Cant wait to see the results! Should be interesting to see who comes out on top. 
Niamh: Alright, everyone, let's wrap up the voting!  Who's your pick? 
Orion: I'm going with Ramsay! His twisted games and treatment of others make him really hard to forget. What about everyone else?
Phaedra: Joffrey for me! That kid was the worst! 
EmilyBurnett: Ill go with Cersei! She just had this knack for turning every situation into a disaster.  Whos next?
LiHua: I'm sticking with Joffrey too! His personality was just off the charts awful. Can't forget those moments! 
Merrick: Looks like Joffrey is getting a lot of hate here! I'm leaning toward Ramsay though, he was just pure evil. What about you, Saffron? 
EmilyBurnett: I think I might have to agree with Merrick! Ramsay was just on another level of twisted. 
Merrick: Okay, who hasn't voted yet? Let's hear your pick so we can wrap this up!
Saffron: I'm definitely going with Cersei! Her coldness and manipulation were just infuriating.  How about you, Kieran? 
Lachlan: Joffrey! No doubt about it, he was the worst! Always throwing his weight around and making everyone's life miserable. 
EmilyBurnett: Alright! It looks like we have a tie between Joffrey, Ramsay, and Cersei!  What a way to celebrate how hateable they all are! Should we declare them all winners?
Merrick: Haha, yeah! They all deserve the title of most hateable! Lets give them a round of applause for their awful behavior! 
Niamh: So true!  I'll start a new topic next time! What do you guys want to discuss next? 
Tamara: I'm in the mood to chat about memorable character arcs. Any suggestions? 
Merrick: How about we talk about the best redemption arcs in TV shows? I'd love to hear everyone's picks!
Lachlan: Great idea, Merrick! I think it'll be fun to dive into those character transformations!  Who's got a good one?
Lachlan: Definitely! I think Jaime Lannister's arc was really interesting. He started off as such a jerk but evolved into a more complex character. What do you all think?
LiHua: I totally agree! Jaime's journey was one of the most surprising ones. It really made you rethink your feelings about him. Any other good ones?
Quillan: I think Tyrion Lannister has a solid arc too! His growth despite all the adversity is super fascinating. What do you all think?
Niamh: Totally! Tyrion's character is so relatable. He always manages to find his way through tough situations, plus hes got some of the best lines in the series! Anyone else stand out for you?
Tamara: I also think of Theon Greyjoy! His redemption arc was pretty heartbreaking. Going from traitor to someone who seeks forgiveness was really moving. 
Rowan: Jaime, Tyrion, and Theon are all great choices! I have to say, seeing Theon's character evolve was really emotional. It made you root for him despite everything he did. 
Saffron: I'm all for seeing character development in a complex way! Theons journey really tugged at my heartstrings. But I also loved how Elrond in The Lord of the Rings developed over time into a wise figure.
Lachlan: No way! Elrond is an awesome choice! His wisdom and experience really made an impact on the Fellowship.
